# Minutes of Meeting

* **Tasks** - has an Owner and a deadline
* **Decisions** (D)
* **Information** (I) - everything else of interest.
 
### Date : 15:01:2020
### Time : 12.00 Hrs
### Topic : First Meet with the Client and a talk about Requirements 
### Attendees: All 4 members and the Client(Mr Sudeep Reddy)

| Type | Description                                                    | Owner              | Deadline |
| ---- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------ | -------- |
| D    | To use only the 18 existing metrics on the 6-time scales       | -                  | -        |
| D    | Not to use any long term measure, only intraday trading        | -                  | -        |
| T    | Develop a disjoint application to decompose into basis vectors | Animesh            | 02-02    |
| T    | Install all dependencies and get the project running           | Animesh, Bhuvanesh | 05-02    |
| T    | Collect data over a day using the script and see the results   | All 4              | 05-02    |
| T    | Report results of 18 scripts on all 6 timescales               | All 4              | 10-02    |
| T    | Send 9 new rule based scripts                                  | Client             | 01-02    |


## **(I)** : Project Structure Decided:
- The Project will be done in 3 Phases:
  - Comparison of Rule Based methods
  - Pump Detection in Cryptocurrencies
  - Development of ML Models

## **(T)** Added Specifications

We need to output the collected data from the rules in a Excel (CSV) file with 6 columns.
- Coin Name
- Purchase Time
- Purchase Value
- Sell Time
- Sell Value
- Profit/Loss Made

We will report for 18 * 6 metrics running for 3, 5, 15 minutes, intraday only. Combination rules with AND / OR / NOT will compose those 6 metrics for every rule on different times.
We shall try to ensure that the combination rules are profitable to atleast 1% per day averaged out over 1 week.

## **(I)** Pump Detection

We shall be given reading material and further information on pump detection in a latter phase of the project. Then we will be expected to perform Pump detection based on volume and price and Compare against public alert system

## **(T)** ML Model

- Download historical data of 3-4 big coins, Etherium, Binance coin, etc.
- Time Series data, against EMA, etc. as params, will build a Convolutional Neural Net
- Ensure that the combination rules are profitable to slightly higher than 1% per day averaged out over 1 week.

# **(T)** Telegram

A Telegram bot will be built, which can send graphs and text messages. We can create a BotFather Telegram group, send message there to get the API key and then hand it over to the bot.